Migrate AB3 to LinkyTime diagrams in DG (#208)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-T13-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

<img src="images/ParserClasses.png" width="600"/>

How the parsing works:

> * When called upon to parse a user command, the `LinkyTimeParser` class creates an `XYZCommandParser` (`XYZ` is a placeholder for the specific command name e.g., `AddCommandParser`) which uses the other classes shown above to parse the user command and create a `XYZCommand` object (e.g., `AddCommand`) which the `LinkyTimeParser` returns back as a `Command` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When called upon to parse a user command, the `LinkyTimeParser` class creates an `XYZCommandParser` (`XYZ` is a placeholder for the specific command name e.g., `AddMeetingCommandParser`) which uses the other classes shown above to parse the user command and create a `XYZCommand` object (e.g., `AddMeetingCommand`) which the `LinkyTimeParser` returns back as a `Command` object.
```

> * All `XYZCommandParser` classes (e.g., `AddCommandParser`, `DeleteCommandParser`, ...) inherit from the `Parser` interface so that they can be treated similarly where possible e.g, during testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All `XYZCommandParser` classes (e.g., `AddMeetingCommandParser`, `DeleteModuleCommandParser`, ...) inherit from the `Parser` interface so that they can be treated similarly where possible e.g, during testing.
```
